I order you to kill him immediately
Kill him now
I'm sorry. He's dead
How come you have two?
What's going on?
Yang Fan, how did you do this?
Is it doppelganger?
Do you really think you can threaten the Lord?
The Lord was just stalling for time just now, no
That's not possible.
You want to be a gentleman
Who are you?
What doppelganger?
Yes, that's the only possibility
The person in the video is his doppelganger.
That's right, that's my doppelganger
The doppelganger is so strong
You think you can force me to divide by holding the goddess hostage
You think you imprisoned the goddess in the land of northern cold
Can't I find it?
You think you're really going to win
I'll tell you what.
Under the World
I will give birth to whoever I want
Whoever I want to die must die